## Non-parametric
The designed PRBS signals are now used as input for the real system and gives rise to experimental values for the pressure. The in- and output values are then used for the identification of the system. This section will elaborate the nonparametric identification and the correlation method ,in specific. 

### Preparation of the data

Firstly, a preliminary signal processing step is performed where the transient part of the in- and output signals is removed along with the final samples that represents the **termination of the experiment**. The data is subsequently processed by taking out the mean values of the input and output signal as frequency domain analysis is only valid for zero-mean signals.

### Calculation of the PSD by means of correlation functions

With the experimental data in the right format it is possible to perform the non parametric identification by means of the correlation function approach. With a **400** samples left for identification, the maximum attainable frequency resolution, Be (Hz) is equal to p/N*Ts.
For p=1, Be is **...**  
For p=4, Be is **...**  

First, the correlation functions Ruu(tau), Ruy(tau) are calculated by using the 'xcorr' function in MATLAB. As can be seen in Figure x the main frequency bandwith of the of the correlation functions by minor peaks. These leakage effects are countered by halving the **maximum lag** and the windowing the resulting correlation function with a blackman window (**the narrowest of windows**). Figure x represents the correlation functions before and after windowing with the blackman filter.

In the next step, the fast fourier transform (fft) is **performed** on the correlation function. However, the fft in MATLAB is defined for frequencies going from 0 to infinite so it is necessary to "paste" the correlation values for negative lags after the positive lags. The "swapped" correlation function are subsequently ** fast fourier transformed** to yield the power density spectra.

stukje over formules voor de bode plots

stukje over M=400 en M=50;
 